[FDC] Support private IP Cloud SQL with VPC (#9200)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- `firebase_update_environment` MCP tool supports accepting Gemini in Firebase Terms of Service.
- Fixed a bug when `firebase init dataconnect` failed to create a React app when launched from VS Code extension (#9171).
- Improved the clarity of the `firebase apptesting:execute` command when you have zero or multiple apps.

> - `firebase dataconnect:sql:migrate` now supports private IP Cloud SQL instance within its VPC. (##9200)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `firebase dataconnect:sql:migrate` now supports Cloud SQL instances with only private IPs. The command must be run in the same VPC of the instance to work. (##9200)
```
